every day I post videos and every day I
receive emails comments and other
correspondence through various social
media platforms so I thought I would
take the time to make this video for you
so that you can get in touch with me the
best way possible so that you don't have
to hang around waiting for the potential
response to your correspondence so let's
quickly take a look at this today I just
wanted to let you know that immediately
these videos get posted to YouTube from
YouTube most of that is automated where
it goes off to Facebook Twitter my own
website and others because most of that
is automated oftentimes I can't get back
to everyone on all the platforms I don't
have time to check every single platform
and one of those is Facebook so I log
into Facebook probably once every six
months and this is what I see there are
so many messages in here I don't
remember the last time I had actually
logged into it but every time I'm
basically sitting on a pile of notices
and unfortunately I haven't been able to
get back to these people and it's not
because I don't want to because
everybody knows on this channel that I
am the youtuber that replies to the most
amount of people there's no other
youtuber out there that replies to as
many people as I do so look at this I've
also had the same issue with Twitter
where so many people unfortunately
haven't been replied to and I really
want to get back to as many people as I
can so one of the things I want to
mention was that on my website the money
GPS com if you scroll down to the bottom
there's a contact section and you can
see all my contact information the
different sites that I have not all of
them but most of them and also wanted to
mention the fact that I'm on Steam it as
well this is my steamer page and I'm
gonna bid me as well so
these are the things that are getting
posted to either automated or you know I
have to do a couple clicks to get it to
happen but it goes there so what is the
best place to contact me well that's
email I will definitely contact you back
if you email me directly and that is
David at the money GPS comm if you email
me there I assure you you will get a
response it might take me two weeks it
might take me a month some people think
that they didn't receive I didn't
receive the email and they email me
again and say hello did you receive this
and the answer is yes I did but it just
takes me time to get back because the
pile is so large but I always reply to
emails so that's definitely if you have
any questions all right
looking at this now I did this video
they offered me big money but it turn it
down here's why and essentially what I
got into and there is how I'm offered
various different things they either
from cryptos or from anyway various
things that's still happening and in
fact just a couple days after this video
I received another email about getting
some other cryptocurrencies I tell them
no thank you I don't know enough about
your product to do a promotion of it to
do a review of it so that's it so I'm
still going with that more than let you
know that as well just so you can
understand where I'm coming from I don't
want to judge anybody else who does this
who promotes these things by all means
you should be able to do that but I
don't so this here is basically the
reason I mentioned this is that when you
want to get a hold of me you know that
you're getting me 100% not some sort of
promotional thing or I'm trying to sell
you on something if you
want my attention always you can
definitely email me
then there's the consultations I don't
do this anymore it's been a while and
I've decided for at least at this time
not to do these my passion is to do the
YouTube videos I would like to write
more books but to do so the time
investment is huge and of course at that
time that I have to give up doing on
YouTube videos and that's where I'm at
right now
maybe we'll see what happens in the
future so for those contacting me
regarding consultations I at this time
I'm not doing any and then if you're
interested in the books even though I do
mention it on every single video there
are some people who are unaware that I
have books and the different formats so
basically if you go to Amazon if you
type in books dams ebooks dot the money
GPS com
you get brought directly to this page
here and my books are available in
Kindle format they're available in
paperback format if you're not
interested in buying my books through
Amazon they are available at other
retailers so you can go to Barnes &
Noble you could probably go to any place
you just have to look me up or give them
the ISBN and they may be able to do a
special order for you so you can at
least get the ISBN from the Amazon site
and then go off and do your own I've
heard people getting from the library
before I'm not sure how that works but I
paid a separate fee to make it available
at these places so I hope that you'll
you know take that for what it is if you
want also there's an audiobook version
for those who are too busy or maybe they
they can't read for whatever reason so
if you go to my website the money GPS
comm you click on the store at the top
you will see the audiobook so you can
click on that
for those who are interested as well as
the t-shirts at the bottom you can click
on that as well so that's all I just
want to give you some updates they try
to keep it very short definitely once
again overall if you want to get in
touch with me David at the money GPS
comm I will reply to you however it does
generally take me a long period of time
that's all for this video
take care